docs: tw711-bold-tuning (#3501)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/arbitrum-essentials/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/rpc-methods.mdx

  ]
}
```

### `txpool` methods

Nitro's default HTTP API namespaces are `net`, `web3`, `eth`, and `arb`. The `txpool` namespace is **not** among them, so `txpool_content`, `txpool_contentFrom`, `txpool_status`, and `txpool_inspect` return a method-not-found error on a default node.

To enable them, include `txpool` in the node's `--http.api` list:

```shell
--http.api=net,web3,eth,arb,txpool
```

> Enabling the namespace does not make the results mean what they mean on Ethereum. On Ethereum, the transaction pool holds transactions that are waiting to be picked up by whichever validator builds the next block. On an Arbitrum chain, the <a data-quicklook-from="sequencer">sequencer</a> orders transactions, and a single known party holds the resulting queue. Pool contents reflect that node's view of the sequencer's intake, not a competitive mempool. Nonce handling differs for the same reason — to learn more, see [Nonce management](/arbitrum-essentials/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/nonce-management.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the namespace does not make the results mean what they mean on Ethereum. On Ethereum, the transaction pool holds transactions that are waiting to be picked up by whichever validator builds the next block. On an Arbitrum chain, the <a data-quicklook-from="sequencer">sequencer</a> orders transactions, and there is no txpool, so the result of `txpool_content` will always be empty.
```
